Are we talking yet?
Sure. Why not?
You want some coffee?
I'm gonna start working Richard today.
I still disagree.
-Good morning.
You know what that drum was about?
It was, like, all through the night.
-It kept me up.
-It turns out it was a vigil.
-For what?
-Christ's crucifixion.
Judas betrayed him.
The cock crowed. He was crucified.
It's Good Friday, Easter weekend.
Now we wait.
Wait for what?
His resurrection.
Who wants some fresh empanadas?
-Do we have milk?
-Go see.
Okay.
You know, you can't trust the government
in any of your dealings with them.
I know.
Do you?
When will you be back?
I've been summoned by our landlord.
You're really gonna give him Sandpiper?
Don't know what I'm gonna do.
Be careful.
Yeah.
I'll see what I can do.
You hungry?
I thought we'd eat.
Or would you prefer a bottle?
Why is it, the minute this family gets
a legitimate foothold in the world,
you try to drag us
back down into the jungle with you?
I'm sorry. What are we talking about?
I know it was you, Memo.
Did you know Dad almost died that night?
No. I didn't hear that.
What happened?
His fucking heart.
Now I'm confused again.
Isn't the old man dying exactly what
you've been waiting for?
All I want is for at least one of
us to make him proud.
Wow.
I got it wrong! I thought
you were just counting the days until…
You're pathetic.
You're an embarrassment.
Vicious fucking amateur.
You've earned every bit
of the contempt we have for you.
That accent.
Is it new?
You sound like the perfect "Whitina."
You and your merry band
of reprobates with Isela.
Your disgraceful association with cartels,
fortunately it's about to end.
I am deeply sorry your investors
felt fearful and indecisive.
That development's moving ahead,
no matter what stunts you pull.
Give me their names.
What names?
The assholes that pulled this shit.
How would I know, Andrea?
It sounds like
gringo environmentalists, radicals,
some Banksy shit--
Listen to me.
If you know these guys,
you need to quietly get rid of them.
If they're caught--
If you're with them--
Anyone who gets in the way
of this project will pay.
You'd best go away.
Father will be down shortly.
Go.
Morning.
Good morning.
Where are you going?
Doing a favor for the guy
that owns the land.
Little work to pay the rent.
I thought the people owned the place.
What happened to that?
Yeah, well, there's always a landlord.
Turns out we're all just fucking renters.
Hey, Dad? Mom told me.
Told you what?
About that guy. Richard.
And the lab.
Is that it?
And…
that they killed someone.
Some girl.
Your mom's timing. Never not shitty.
And that you've let us blame you.
Well, me.
You've let me blame you.
Sorry.
Hey, you got nothing to be sorry for.
-What?
-You didn't do anything wrong.
Yeah, you don't think I fucking know that?
No, Dad.
I didn't mean it that way.
Look, I mean, all these years,
I've been blaming you.
I've been really shitty
to you about everything.
Look, maybe it's great timing.
Perfect age to start hating not just one,
but maybe both parents.
Probably just
made your shrink a millionaire.
It's not funny, Dad.
Yeah.
And I don't hate either of you.
It's worse than that.
How so?
Well, it just makes sense now.
How fucked up both of you are.
Dina--
No, I just think, at a certain point,
you leading the way
and fucking things up for us.
And saying,
"We're doing this because we're a family."
And Mom saying the dumbest shit like,
"Your father knows what he's doing."
Or, you know, you both saying you love us,
and never once fucking acting like it.
And it all just being so fucking awful.
I just--
I just realized…
I don't respect you.
And now, I don't respect her.
So, no. That's not what I mean when I say,
"I'm sorry."
I'm not sorry for anything.
Anything at all.
I'm sorry for you.
Your mother and I never once
did anything without first considering--
You.
-I only ever did what I did to benefit--
-You.
Well, you seem pretty dug in.
And that makes it a tough position
to argue against.
I'm not arguing, Dad. It's a fact.
I wanna leave. Now. Today.
Is that so?
You really wanna go?
Go.
Door's right there, but let's be clear.
You use it, and it locks behind you.
Wanna go to college? That's great.
High time you started learning
absolutely zero.
Happy for you, honey bear.
Best of luck with that.
What? You wanna go get a degree in what,
Economics?
Communications?
Maybe get soaked with your girlfriends
on the weekends.
Snapchat with your boyfriends.
Get 'em to come.
Might even settle down with one of 'em.
Sit at home. You can order in.
Order a bunch of crap online,
plastic shit for your apartment.
What a cool adventure
you're about to go on,
smack-dab into the center
of a huge cliché.
Could not be prouder of my little girl.
You're all grown up. I'm so happy for you.
Well, wish I could join you.
Safe travels.
You're a bully.
There she is.
You're sounding
like you already graduated.
Fuck you.
Just passing through.
I'll be out of your hair in a minute.
I doubt it.
Look, my intention is not
to cause any problems.
Tad late for that.
What?
I'm worried.
I'm worried about Charlie.
You don't get to be.
I know.
It's just he came to my place yesterday,
and he threatened me, basically.
Really? You're twice his size.
He had a gun.
Where did he get it?
It was mine.
I'll talk to him.
What are you gonna say?
That he's not allowed to shoot you.
Oh, well, that's nice to hear.
I'm really sorry.
Is he okay?
No.
Are you okay?
Why are you here? What do you want?
Well, I don't wanna be here
any longer than I have to.
I don't wanna fuck up your life, Margot.
Isela brought me here to do something
for someone important,
and then I'll be gone.
Fuck it.
Come on.
Are you coming?
You wanted to know why I'm here, right?
Well, come on.
Here. Put this on.
First-day nerves?
Now you.
Okay boys…
Okay.
No.
One second.
Sup?
You know what Dad says about these things.
Religion is just an overture
to ignorance in A-flat.
This isn't like--
It's not like a Jesus religious thing.
They build this effigy of Judas,
and then you're supposed to, like,
fill it with the things you hate in
the world like injustice or unfairness.
And then you take the stuff
you don't like in yourself, like…
regret, or guilt.
Or, like, you know--
Just, like, stuff that makes you feel bad
or you wish you could take back.
Anyway, you're supposed to just take
that stuff and put it in him
and then, I don't know,
like, just burn him, I guess.
It's supposed to be, like, therapeutic.
What?
You have friends.
Yeah. Yeah, I do.
I really like it here, Dina.
I know you don't, but I like it.
What's wrong? Are you okay?
So, you talked to Dad about what we know?
Yeah. We had a big fight.
Did you make him mad?
Charlie, I was mad.
Charlie.
Come, help me.
Okay.
-Shit, sorry. Go away.
-No, no.
Do you want me to go? I--
No, stay. I'm okay.
I just-- I hate people seeing me cry.
What's wrong?
Everything…
I thought I knew is just-- is fucked up.
I know the truth about some things.
It's supposed to be good…
but it makes me feel…
worse.
It's a waste.
I can't stand the way I feel.
I'm so, so mad at my mom and dad.
Maybe you're being too harsh.
Give them a chance.
You don't know what you're talking about.
All right.
My dad drank and killed himself
when I was eight.
Shot himself in the head.
I'm sorry.
I was raised by my grandfather.
He died when I was 13.
So, Ridley took me in.
Do you still live with him?
Ridley? No. I live downriver.
I have a place.
If you had a million dollars,
what would you do?
Million dollars? I would--
I think I'd buy a house.
Buy a house in the capital. Go to school.
Me too. In New York.
No one would know me there.
Or Miami.
Or Portland.
Boulder.
Thanks for coming.
-I missed breakfast.
-No.
Big weekend here. You Easter much, Allie?
Down on your knees, praying to some power
greater than yourself?
Church? Nah.
If God hadn't rested on the seventh day,
he might have gotten the job done.
Why should I make the same mistake?
I figured as much.
You sure? Anyone? Bacon?
-I'm good. Thank you kindly.
-Then let's get to it.
It's about business, of course.
We're a family who's dutifully delivered
whatever the world has asked us
to provide for two centuries.
Cochineal dye, indigo, sisal and henequen.
Fucking bananas.
And most recently, drogas. Cocaína.
Well, if it walks like a duck
and talks like a duck.
Yeah, we're just niche players.
I'm just mom-and-pop. Boutique.
But I control every route.
Provide passage to cargo moving
through a very large territory.
There are hazards.
Every business has some.
Mine happens to be police interference.
And I need you to help me make
that go away.
So, meet Caleb.
-He's going to help you.
-Hello, Allie.
Big fan of your early work.
At MIT and Cambridge Analytica,
Sandpiper is a legend.
You created a program that can predict
any kind of movement, pattern.
Many have tried to replicate it.
Caleb's been hard at work
processing the data for your arrival.
Took me quite some time to find a Caleb.
And a hefty recruiter's fee.
What does any of this mean to me?
We want your algorithm. We want Sandpiper.
To do what?
Use it to analyze and predict
the movement of law enforcement agencies.
No police interference, no problems.
My routes will be safe,
and everyone will be happy.
I just need you to download it for us.
Show Caleb how it works.
Hand over the keys.
I'd love to get my hands
on your Rosetta stone.
And that's it. Job done.
Go about your life at Casa Roja.
Live it up.
Look at what they've done to this jungle.
The destruction of land and wildlife.
Corporate greed and corruption.
When Isela told me about this,
I had to get involved.
I had to do something.
We have to do something.
We did make a difference, you and I.
The lab shut down. The company went bust.
They stopped genetic-modified material
from entering the food chain.
We saved the world, just a little bit.
We were a good team.
My life ended and…
yours is just beginning.
You made a name for yourself.
What?
It's just hard for me to take that in,
that we made a difference, is all.
No. Not happening.
Sorry, Caleb.
Not gonna do it with him.
You are doing it with him.
Caleb's culled the data.
This thing is mine. I created it.
People tried to take it from me once.
Didn't end well.
If this is gonna work for you,
then you need me.
No one else. Just me.
My, my, my.
What's gotten into Allie Fox?
What can I tell you?
This guy get all up in his feelings,
but he means it.
I'm sorry, Caleb.
It appears we no longer
require your services.
Mr. Lee will escort you out.
But you promised me
a three-month contract.
Step this way, kid.
This sucks.
You're sure about this?
You know she had a son?
Alison Caffrey?
His father remarried when he was five.
He has two sisters and a baby brother.
For a long time,
I couldn't think of anything else.
What happened that night…
was terrible, Margot.
Who are they?
Andrea Bautista and Carter Albrecht.
And who are they?
The same people whose event
your husband disrupted.
The developers.
Got any more of these, anywhere?
Fuck you.
We just do what Guillermo says.
We take what we want.
It's part of keeping you all
nice and safe.
You don't like it, talk to Guillermo.
Like the National Archives.
Bienvenido to your work space.
Ancient bookkeeping
from your drug trade won't work.
It has to be current information.
Should be sufficient to run Sandpiper.
I need to know all your routes.
Who's involved.
Dates. Times. Vehicles.
Sandpiper can predict police interference
if we enter all the information you have.
Everything. You understand?
Understood, yes. Most is on floppy disks.
And all of this is the data
that Caleb entered.
So, put your brain to good use,
and show me.
You've got 72 hours.
You just put your family
on the line, so get to work.
You're right.
We were a good team. We still can be.
I want to help.
I don't think Allie would like that.
Don't worry about Allie. Okay?
He won't get in the way.
You got some money?
-Yeah, a bit. Why?
-I just wanna get some waters.
You want anything else?
No, I'm good.
Hola.
I like your phone. Do you want to sell it?
What the hell?
What the fuck was that?
The price we pay to our landlord.
His traffickers get to help themselves
to whatever they want,
whenever they want it.
Sure hope you didn't talk yourself
into a real pickle up there.
Seventy-two hours goes mighty fast.
Hit him!
How did it go?
How'd it go?
As expected. He wants Sandpiper.
I've kept it safe for this long.
Now it's in the hands of a drug lord.
Dina told me.
Yeah, she's in pain.
Interesting.
What?
I thought you wouldn't notice.
Just…
There's something I need to tell you
about Charlie.
He put a gun to Richard's head
and pulled the trigger.
Sorry, he what?
It wasn't loaded.
-All right.
-"All right" what?
All right, I get it.
"All right,"
you're gonna help me get them back?
Sure. Maybe. Or maybe something else.
What something else?
Good evening.
We don't all share the same ideas
or beliefs.
But let this be a time to reflect
on the things we do to one another.
Acts that may be violent, cruel,
petty,
or that violate
the deep trusts
that we have sworn to protect.
The promises
that we have made to each other.
We all make mistakes
for many reasons.
We overstep.
We do not comply.
In moments,
we compromise the cause.
In this ceremony…
where we burn away our sins
some don't leave us quite so easily.
We need to work on those faults.
Pay attention to them.
I know
that I am paying attention to my own.
I promised you shelter…
community,
refuge,
and safety from your enemies.
Our enemies.
If I betray that promise…
I am the Judas.
What something else, Allie?
I might have found us a new solution.
No. No more pie-in-the-sky bullshit.
Sandpiper is up and running.
Now I just need to run the data.
Good. Finish up that pile
on your desk. Then we can go.